File description

agora_western_diet.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for western diet composition compatible to the exchange reaction IDs of the AGORA models.


agora_high_fiber_diet.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for high-fiber diet composition compatible to the exchange reaction IDs of the AGORA models.

agora_gam_media.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for GAM media composition compatible to the exchange reaction IDs of the AGORA models.

carveme_western_diet.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for western diet composition compatible to the exchange reaction IDs of the CarveMe models.

carveme_high_fiber_diet.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for high-fiber diet composition compatible to the exchange reaction IDs of the CarveMe models.

carveme_gam_media.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for GAM media composition compatible to the exchange reaction IDs of the CarveMe models.

calb_western_diet.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for western diet composition compatible to the shared media (lumen) exchange reaction IDs joined to the candida albicans model.

calb_high_fiber_diet.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for high-fiber diet composition compatible to the shared media (lumen) exchange reaction IDs joined to the candida albicans model.

calb_gam_media.pckl -> contains a python dictionary for GAM media composition compatible to the shared media (lumen) exchange reaction IDs joined to the candida albicans model.

id_mapping.csv -> contains mapping information between metabolite IDs of candida albicans model and AGORA models

simulated_models.csv -> contains list of model IDs for which simulations can be performed.

considered_models.csv -> contains list of model IDs based on the priority considered in this project (CarveMe models are of priority).
