Output files:

pfba_fluxes_indivdual_bacs_western.csv -> contains the pFBA-derived flux distribution of bacterial models individually simulated for the western diet.

pfba_fluxes_indivdual_bacs_highfiber.csv -> contains the pFBA-derived flux distribution of bacterial models individually simulated for the high-fiber diet.

pfba_fluxes_indivdual_bacs_gam.csv -> contains the pFBA-derived flux distribution of bacterial models individually simulated for the GAM media.

pfba_fluxes_pairwise_western.csv -> contains the pFBA-derived flux distribution of joined models of bacteria with candida albicans for the western diet.

pfba_fluxes_pairwise_highfiber.csv -> contains the pFBA-derived flux distribution of joined models of bacteria with candida albicans for the high fiber diet.

pfba_fluxes_pairwise_gam.csv -> contains the pFBA-derived flux distribution of joined models of bacteria with candida albicans for the GAM media.

interaction_distribution.csv -> contains interaction type distribution of pairwise simulations between candida albicans and bacterial species for all the diets.

results_western.csv -> contains overall results of pairwise and individual simulations for candida albicans and bacterial species for the western diet.

results_highfiber.csv -> contains overall results of pairwise and individual simulations for candida albicans and bacterial species for the high fiber diet.

results_gam.csv -> contains overall results of pairwise and individual simulations for candida albicans and bacterial species for the GAM media.
